README.md, before:

# FIAE AI Content Factory

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-blue.svg)](https://python.org)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.104+-green.svg)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)
[![AI Powered](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI-Powered-red.svg)](https://github.com/Maanik23/AI-Content-Generation-)

## 🚀 Production-Ready AI Content Automation System

A cutting-edge AI-powered content creation factory that transforms documents into comprehensive educational materials using RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation), LangGraph orchestration, and vector intelligence.

## ✨ Key Features

### 🤖 AI-Powered Processing
- **RAG-Enhanced Processing**: 40-60% quality improvement through semantic understanding
- **LangGraph Orchestration**: 30-50% efficiency gains via intelligent workflow management
- **Vector Intelligence**: Pattern recognition and predictive quality scoring
- **Multi-Modal Support**: Process PDF, DOCX, TXT, and image files with semantic chunking

### 🏭 Production-Ready Architecture
- **Advanced Document Processing**: Multi-format support with intelligent content analysis
- **Production Monitoring**: Comprehensive logging, alerting, and health checks
- **Human-in-the-Loop**: Intelligent approval workflows for quality control
- **Scalable Design**: Horizontal scaling with Docker and Kubernetes support

### 🔗 Enterprise Integration
- **n8n Workflow Automation**: Seamless integration with Google Drive/Sheets
- **RESTful API**: Complete API with comprehensive documentation
- **Real-time Monitoring**: Live metrics and performance tracking
- **Security First**: Enterprise-grade security with audit logging

## 🏗️ Architecture

### Core Services
- **RAGEnhancedProcessor**: ChromaDB vector database with semantic search
- **LangGraphWorkflowOrchestrator**: Intelligent state management and routing
- **ContentIntelligence**: Pattern analysis and quality prediction
- **AdvancedDocumentProcessor**: Multi-modal document processing
- **ProductionMonitor**: Real-time monitoring and alerting

### Technology Stack
- **Backend**: FastAPI with async/await patterns
- **AI/ML**: LangChain, ChromaDB, SentenceTransformers
- **Orchestration**: LangGraph for intelligent workflows
- **Monitoring**: Prometheus metrics, Redis caching
- **Integration**: n8n workflows, Google Drive/Sheets API

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8+
- Google Cloud credentials
- n8n instance (free version supported)

### Installation

1. **Clone and setup**:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Maanik23/AI-Content-Generation-.git
cd AI-Content-Generation-
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. **Configure environment**:
```bash
cp env.example .env
# Edit .env with your API keys and folder IDs
```

3. **Start the service**:
```bash
python -m app.main
```

4. **Import n8n workflow**:
   - Import `n8n-workflows/FIAE_AI_Content_Factory_Workflow_Modernized.json`
   - Configure Google Service Account credentials

## 📊 Performance Metrics

### 🎯 Quality Improvements
- **Content Quality**: >85% accuracy with RAG enhancement
- **Processing Speed**: 30-50% faster than traditional methods
- **Human Efficiency**: 50-70% reduction in manual reviews
- **Error Rate**: <1% with intelligent error recovery

### 🚀 System Performance
- **System Uptime**: >99.5% with comprehensive monitoring
- **Concurrent Jobs**: Up to 10 simultaneous processing jobs
- **Response Time**: <2s average API response time
- **Throughput**: 100+ documents processed per hour

### 💰 Cost Efficiency
- **Budget Control**: Automated cost monitoring and alerts
- **Resource Optimization**: 25% reduction in compute costs
- **Auto-scaling**: Dynamic resource allocation based on demand

## 🔧 Configuration

### Environment Variables
```bash
# Google Cloud Configuration
GOOGLE_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id
GOOGLE_CREDENTIALS_PATH=credentials/google-credentials.json
GOOGLE_DRIVE_FOLDER_ID=your-source-folder-id
GOOGLE_DRIVE_REVIEW_FOLDER_ID=your-review-folder-id
GOOGLE_DRIVE_DONE_FOLDER_ID=your-done-folder-id
GOOGLE_SHEETS_ID=your-master-sheet-id

# AI Configuration
GEMINI_API_KEY=your-gemini-api-key
ELEVENLABS_API_KEY=your-elevenlabs-api-key

# System Configuration
API_HOST=0.0.0.0
API_PORT=8000
LOG_LEVEL=INFO
```

### n8n Workflow Setup
1. **Google Service Account**: Configure credentials in n8n
2. **Folder IDs**: Hardcoded for free n8n version compatibility
3. **Webhook URL**: `http://localhost:8000/ai-content-factory-trigger`

## 📁 Project Structure

```
AI-Content-Generation-/
├── 📁 app/                          # Main application code
│   ├── 📄 main.py                   # FastAPI application entry point
│   ├── 📄 config.py                 # Configuration management with Pydantic
│   ├── 📄 models.py                 # Pydantic data models
│   └── 📁 services/                 # Core AI services
│       ├── 📄 rag_enhanced_processor.py      # RAG processing with ChromaDB
│       ├── 📄 langgraph_orchestrator.py      # LangGraph workflow orchestration
│       ├── 📄 content_intelligence.py       # ML-powered content analysis
│       ├── 📄 advanced_document_processor.py # Multi-modal document processing
│       ├── 📄 production_monitor.py         # Production monitoring & alerting
│       └── 📄 google_services.py            # Google Drive/Sheets integration
├── 📁 docs/                         # Comprehensive documentation
│   ├── 📄 API.md                    # Complete API documentation
│   └── 📄 DEPLOYMENT.md             # Production deployment guide
├── 📁 n8n-workflows/                # n8n automation workflows
│   └── 📄 FIAE_AI_Content_Factory_Workflow_Modernized.json
├── 📁 credentials/                  # Secure credentials storage
│   └── 📄 README.md                 # Credentials setup guide
├── 📁 chroma_db/                    # Vector database storage
├── 📄 requirements.txt              # Python dependencies
├── 📄 docker-compose.yml            # Container orchestration
├── 📄 Dockerfile                    # Container configuration
├── 📄 .env.example                  # Environment configuration template
├── 📄 .gitignore                    # Git ignore rules
├── 📄 LICENSE                       # MIT License
├── 📄 README.md                     # This file
├── 📄 CHANGELOG.md                  # Version history
├── 📄 CONTRIBUTING.md               # Contribution guidelines
└── 📄 SECURITY.md                   # Security policy
```

## 🔄 API Endpoints

### Core Processing
- `POST /process-document` - Main document processing endpoint
- `POST /process-document-rag` - RAG-enhanced processing
- `POST /process-document-orchestrated` - LangGraph orchestration
- `POST /process-document-advanced` - Advanced multi-modal processing

### Monitoring & Health
- `GET /health` - Basic health check
- `GET /monitoring/health` - Detailed system status
- `GET /monitoring/metrics` - Performance metrics
- `GET /production-monitor/status` - Production monitoring

### Content Intelligence
- `GET /content-intelligence/patterns` - Pattern analysis
- `GET /content-intelligence/quality-prediction` - Quality prediction
- `GET /content-intelligence/analytics` - Performance analytics

## 🛡️ Production Features

### Error Handling
- Graceful degradation when services are unavailable
- Automatic retry mechanisms with exponential backoff
- Comprehensive error logging and monitoring
- Fallback to basic processing when advanced features fail

### Monitoring & Observability
- Real-time performance metrics
- Content quality scoring
- System health monitoring
- Error rate monitoring
- Resource usage tracking

### Security
- Input sanitization and validation
- Secure API key management
- Rate limiting and abuse prevention
- Data encryption in transit and at rest

## 📈 Business Impact

### Measurable Results
- **40-60% quality improvement** through RAG enhancement
- **30-50% efficiency gains** via LangGraph orchestration
- **50-70% reduction** in manual intervention
- **10x scalability** with same resources
- **>99.5% uptime** with production monitoring

### ROI Benefits
- Reduced manual content creation time
- Improved content quality and consistency
- Scalable processing capabilities
- Comprehensive monitoring and alerting
- Future-proof AI architecture

## 🔧 Development

### Running Tests
```bash
pytest tests/
```

### Code Quality
```bash
black app/
flake8 app/
mypy app/
```

### Docker Deployment
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

## 📞 Support

For technical support or questions:
- Check the logs: `docker logs ai-content-factory`
- Monitor health: `GET /monitoring/health`
- Review metrics: `GET /monitoring/metrics`

## 🎯 Professional Showcase

### 🏆 Interview-Ready Features
This project demonstrates advanced software engineering practices:

- **Modern Architecture**: Microservices with FastAPI, async/await patterns
- **AI/ML Integration**: RAG, LangGraph, ChromaDB, and vector intelligence
- **Production Monitoring**: Comprehensive observability with metrics and alerting
- **Security Best Practices**: Input validation, secure credential management
- **Scalability**: Docker containerization with horizontal scaling support
- **Documentation**: Complete API docs, deployment guides, and contribution guidelines

### 💼 Enterprise-Grade Implementation
- **Error Handling**: Graceful degradation and comprehensive error recovery
- **Logging**: Structured logging with multiple levels and audit trails
- **Testing**: Unit tests and integration testing framework
- **CI/CD Ready**: Docker-based deployment with environment configurations
- **Monitoring**: Real-time metrics, health checks, and performance tracking

### 🔧 Technical Highlights
- **RAG Processing**: 40-60% quality improvement through semantic understanding
- **Workflow Orchestration**: 30-50% efficiency gains with LangGraph
- **Multi-Modal Processing**: Support for various document formats
- **Human-in-the-Loop**: Intelligent approval workflows for quality control
- **Vector Database**: ChromaDB integration for semantic search and retrieval

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) for the amazing web framework
- [LangChain](https://langchain.com/) for AI orchestration
- [ChromaDB](https://www.trychroma.com/) for vector database
- [n8n](https://n8n.io/) for workflow automation
- [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) for AI services

## 📞 Support

For technical support or questions:
- Check the logs: `docker logs ai-content-factory`
- Monitor health: `GET /monitoring/health`
- Review metrics: `GET /monitoring/metrics`
- Create an [Issue](https://github.com/Maanik23/AI-Content-Generation-/issues)

---

**Version**: 2.0.0  
**Status**: Production Ready ✅  
**Last Updated**: December 2024

Commit message:

Remove fake license: Mark as proprietary software
- Removed LICENSE file (was fake/not actually licensed)
- Updated README.md to reflect proprietary status
- Updated CONTRIBUTING.md to reflect proprietary status
- Removed license badge from README
- Updated project structure documentation

This project is proprietary software, all rights reserved.

README.md, after:

# FIAE AI Content Factory

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-blue.svg)](https://python.org)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.104+-green.svg)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com)
[![AI Powered](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI-Powered-red.svg)](https://github.com/Maanik23/AI-Content-Generation-)

## 🚀 Production-Ready AI Content Automation System

A cutting-edge AI-powered content creation factory that transforms documents into comprehensive educational materials using RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation), LangGraph orchestration, and vector intelligence.

## ✨ Key Features

### 🤖 AI-Powered Processing
- **RAG-Enhanced Processing**: 40-60% quality improvement through semantic understanding
- **LangGraph Orchestration**: 30-50% efficiency gains via intelligent workflow management
- **Vector Intelligence**: Pattern recognition and predictive quality scoring
- **Multi-Modal Support**: Process PDF, DOCX, TXT, and image files with semantic chunking

### 🏭 Production-Ready Architecture
- **Advanced Document Processing**: Multi-format support with intelligent content analysis
- **Production Monitoring**: Comprehensive logging, alerting, and health checks
- **Human-in-the-Loop**: Intelligent approval workflows for quality control
- **Scalable Design**: Horizontal scaling with Docker and Kubernetes support

### 🔗 Enterprise Integration
- **n8n Workflow Automation**: Seamless integration with Google Drive/Sheets
- **RESTful API**: Complete API with comprehensive documentation
- **Real-time Monitoring**: Live metrics and performance tracking
- **Security First**: Enterprise-grade security with audit logging

## 🏗️ Architecture

### Core Services
- **RAGEnhancedProcessor**: ChromaDB vector database with semantic search
- **LangGraphWorkflowOrchestrator**: Intelligent state management and routing
- **ContentIntelligence**: Pattern analysis and quality prediction
- **AdvancedDocumentProcessor**: Multi-modal document processing
- **ProductionMonitor**: Real-time monitoring and alerting

### Technology Stack
- **Backend**: FastAPI with async/await patterns
- **AI/ML**: LangChain, ChromaDB, SentenceTransformers
- **Orchestration**: LangGraph for intelligent workflows
- **Monitoring**: Prometheus metrics, Redis caching
- **Integration**: n8n workflows, Google Drive/Sheets API

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8+
- Google Cloud credentials
- n8n instance (free version supported)

### Installation

1. **Clone and setup**:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Maanik23/AI-Content-Generation-.git
cd AI-Content-Generation-
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. **Configure environment**:
```bash
cp env.example .env
# Edit .env with your API keys and folder IDs
```

3. **Start the service**:
```bash
python -m app.main
```

4. **Import n8n workflow**:
   - Import `n8n-workflows/FIAE_AI_Content_Factory_Workflow_Modernized.json`
   - Configure Google Service Account credentials

## 📊 Performance Metrics

### 🎯 Quality Improvements
- **Content Quality**: >85% accuracy with RAG enhancement
- **Processing Speed**: 30-50% faster than traditional methods
- **Human Efficiency**: 50-70% reduction in manual reviews
- **Error Rate**: <1% with intelligent error recovery

### 🚀 System Performance
- **System Uptime**: >99.5% with comprehensive monitoring
- **Concurrent Jobs**: Up to 10 simultaneous processing jobs
- **Response Time**: <2s average API response time
- **Throughput**: 100+ documents processed per hour

### 💰 Cost Efficiency
- **Budget Control**: Automated cost monitoring and alerts
- **Resource Optimization**: 25% reduction in compute costs
- **Auto-scaling**: Dynamic resource allocation based on demand

## 🔧 Configuration

### Environment Variables
```bash
# Google Cloud Configuration
GOOGLE_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id
GOOGLE_CREDENTIALS_PATH=credentials/google-credentials.json
GOOGLE_DRIVE_FOLDER_ID=your-source-folder-id
GOOGLE_DRIVE_REVIEW_FOLDER_ID=your-review-folder-id
GOOGLE_DRIVE_DONE_FOLDER_ID=your-done-folder-id
GOOGLE_SHEETS_ID=your-master-sheet-id

# AI Configuration
GEMINI_API_KEY=your-gemini-api-key
ELEVENLABS_API_KEY=your-elevenlabs-api-key

# System Configuration
API_HOST=0.0.0.0
API_PORT=8000
LOG_LEVEL=INFO
```

### n8n Workflow Setup
1. **Google Service Account**: Configure credentials in n8n
2. **Folder IDs**: Hardcoded for free n8n version compatibility
3. **Webhook URL**: `http://localhost:8000/ai-content-factory-trigger`

## 📁 Project Structure

```
AI-Content-Generation-/
├── 📁 app/                          # Main application code
│   ├── 📄 main.py                   # FastAPI application entry point
│   ├── 📄 config.py                 # Configuration management with Pydantic
│   ├── 📄 models.py                 # Pydantic data models
│   └── 📁 services/                 # Core AI services
│       ├── 📄 rag_enhanced_processor.py      # RAG processing with ChromaDB
│       ├── 📄 langgraph_orchestrator.py      # LangGraph workflow orchestration
│       ├── 📄 content_intelligence.py       # ML-powered content analysis
│       ├── 📄 advanced_document_processor.py # Multi-modal document processing
│       ├── 📄 production_monitor.py         # Production monitoring & alerting
│       └── 📄 google_services.py            # Google Drive/Sheets integration
├── 📁 docs/                         # Comprehensive documentation
│   ├── 📄 API.md                    # Complete API documentation
│   └── 📄 DEPLOYMENT.md             # Production deployment guide
├── 📁 n8n-workflows/                # n8n automation workflows
│   └── 📄 FIAE_AI_Content_Factory_Workflow_Modernized.json
├── 📁 credentials/                  # Secure credentials storage
│   └── 📄 README.md                 # Credentials setup guide
├── 📁 chroma_db/                    # Vector database storage
├── 📄 requirements.txt              # Python dependencies
├── 📄 docker-compose.yml            # Container orchestration
├── 📄 Dockerfile                    # Container configuration
├── 📄 .env.example                  # Environment configuration template
├── 📄 .gitignore                    # Git ignore rules
├── 📄 README.md                     # This file
├── 📄 CHANGELOG.md                  # Version history
├── 📄 CONTRIBUTING.md               # Contribution guidelines
└── 📄 SECURITY.md                   # Security policy
```

## 🔄 API Endpoints

### Core Processing
- `POST /process-document` - Main document processing endpoint
- `POST /process-document-rag` - RAG-enhanced processing
- `POST /process-document-orchestrated` - LangGraph orchestration
- `POST /process-document-advanced` - Advanced multi-modal processing

### Monitoring & Health
- `GET /health` - Basic health check
- `GET /monitoring/health` - Detailed system status
- `GET /monitoring/metrics` - Performance metrics
- `GET /production-monitor/status` - Production monitoring

### Content Intelligence
- `GET /content-intelligence/patterns` - Pattern analysis
- `GET /content-intelligence/quality-prediction` - Quality prediction
- `GET /content-intelligence/analytics` - Performance analytics

## 🛡️ Production Features

### Error Handling
- Graceful degradation when services are unavailable
- Automatic retry mechanisms with exponential backoff
- Comprehensive error logging and monitoring
- Fallback to basic processing when advanced features fail

### Monitoring & Observability
- Real-time performance metrics
- Content quality scoring
- System health monitoring
- Error rate monitoring
- Resource usage tracking

### Security
- Input sanitization and validation
- Secure API key management
- Rate limiting and abuse prevention
- Data encryption in transit and at rest

## 📈 Business Impact

### Measurable Results
- **40-60% quality improvement** through RAG enhancement
- **30-50% efficiency gains** via LangGraph orchestration
- **50-70% reduction** in manual intervention
- **10x scalability** with same resources
- **>99.5% uptime** with production monitoring

### ROI Benefits
- Reduced manual content creation time
- Improved content quality and consistency
- Scalable processing capabilities
- Comprehensive monitoring and alerting
- Future-proof AI architecture

## 🔧 Development

### Running Tests
```bash
pytest tests/
```

### Code Quality
```bash
black app/
flake8 app/
mypy app/
```

### Docker Deployment
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

## 📞 Support

For technical support or questions:
- Check the logs: `docker logs ai-content-factory`
- Monitor health: `GET /monitoring/health`
- Review metrics: `GET /monitoring/metrics`

## 🎯 Professional Showcase

### 🏆 Interview-Ready Features
This project demonstrates advanced software engineering practices:

- **Modern Architecture**: Microservices with FastAPI, async/await patterns
- **AI/ML Integration**: RAG, LangGraph, ChromaDB, and vector intelligence
- **Production Monitoring**: Comprehensive observability with metrics and alerting
- **Security Best Practices**: Input validation, secure credential management
- **Scalability**: Docker containerization with horizontal scaling support
- **Documentation**: Complete API docs, deployment guides, and contribution guidelines

### 💼 Enterprise-Grade Implementation
- **Error Handling**: Graceful degradation and comprehensive error recovery
- **Logging**: Structured logging with multiple levels and audit trails
- **Testing**: Unit tests and integration testing framework
- **CI/CD Ready**: Docker-based deployment with environment configurations
- **Monitoring**: Real-time metrics, health checks, and performance tracking

### 🔧 Technical Highlights
- **RAG Processing**: 40-60% quality improvement through semantic understanding
- **Workflow Orchestration**: 30-50% efficiency gains with LangGraph
- **Multi-Modal Processing**: Support for various document formats
- **Human-in-the-Loop**: Intelligent approval workflows for quality control
- **Vector Database**: ChromaDB integration for semantic search and retrieval

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is proprietary software. All rights reserved.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) for the amazing web framework
- [LangChain](https://langchain.com/) for AI orchestration
- [ChromaDB](https://www.trychroma.com/) for vector database
- [n8n](https://n8n.io/) for workflow automation
- [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) for AI services

## 📞 Support

For technical support or questions:
- Check the logs: `docker logs ai-content-factory`
- Monitor health: `GET /monitoring/health`
- Review metrics: `GET /monitoring/metrics`
- Create an [Issue](https://github.com/Maanik23/AI-Content-Generation-/issues)

---

**Version**: 2.0.0  
**Status**: Production Ready ✅  
**Last Updated**: December 2024
